J:
This diamond guy paid 80 grand
for those, just like that.
Deran: The brother knew
that the shit was cut.
There's something off
between the two of them.
I think we could use it.
-Hey, Arthur.
I wanna rip off
your brother.
Do you know
who Brock Fellows is?
He's throwing a birthday party
for his girlfriend in two weeks,
and he's renting a few
of Eddie's favorite pieces.
I've been doing
some research.
I think we should look into
setting up a trust.
Sitting on money
is wasting money.
Man:
I didn't ask for you to be
assigned to my cold-case unit.
Me neither.
So, what do you got?
Tell me what you remember
about that last day, Lena.
You saw your mom
and dad together, right?
Lena: Uncle Pope
was there, too.
Everything okay?
Some business shit.
Other ways
of making a living.
All I'm saying is, it don't
have to be with your family.
Smurf:
I've got a lead on a job,
and I want all of us to do it.
-What is it?
-The rectory.
-No.
-We need the money.
Just let me skate!
You pick up the board
and swing it, or you get out.
-You want some?!
-Bro, chill.
How much longer
I gotta do this?
As long as
I need you to.
♪♪
♪ She stares deeply ♪
♪ Locked inside me ♪
♪ Burnin' brightly ♪
♪ One they know
that I cannot take ♪
♪ Waitin' for it all to begin ♪
♪ Every night now, they'll win ♪
♪ Come and meet my black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black,
big black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole
inside of me ♪
♪ Got a ♪
J: There's one.
Deran: No.
It's got to be red.
We don't have enough time
to paint the whole thing.
Yeah, that's
'cause Logan's slow.
We should have used Mark.
Yeah, well, Mark married
some rich girl.
He lives in Del Mar now.
You alright?
Yeah.
Some shit with Craig.
He's got some sponsor down
in Escondido, some biker dude.
It seems like
it's working.
Yeah, well, when he left the
family meeting the other day,
he told me
he was going to the gym,
but I found him
at the garage.
Didn't exactly look like
an AA meeting.
Is it something we're gonna
have to worry about?
♪♪
Vince, grab the door.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
Wait.
[ Crashes ]
♪♪
Yo, I thought you said
they were at the bar.
Hey! You broke into
the wrong rig, asshole.
Let's go.
Son of a --
[ Grunting ]
Hey!
Who are you?
He still owes me $40.
Take it and go.
Let's move! Let's go!
♪♪
Hey, yo, we good.
We good?
Yeah.
Stay there.
[ Crowbar clatters ]
♪♪
Smurf: Your breakfast
is getting cold, baby.
You can't go on a job
with an empty stomach.
I'm not hungry.
[ Exhales sharply ]
I know you think
I don't understand.
But you meeting this priest
was a good thing.
I didn't know where we were
gonna find our next job.
And then he just
magically appeared.
Isn't there something
for that in the Bible?
Fate?
Destiny?
It's not fate.
Oh, you call it
whatever you want.
It's meant to be.
Hey.
Ready?
Of course he is.
The service gets out
at noon, right?
Babe.
♪♪
[ Water running, splashing ]
[ Both panting, moaning ]
♪♪
What?
I've already been
late to work.
So?
So, if you want everything ready
for your meeting today,
then you're gonna want me
in the office on time.
If you wanted
more time with me,
you should have texted
before 2:00 am.
Are you mad that I did?
No.
This place is nice.
Thanks.
You, uh, still making
payments on it?
No. My grandma paid it off
a long time ago.
Good for her.
I'd kill for
a house like this.
You'll get one.
Just give your parking lot
a few years.
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Mm.
I should get home.
Go change, skip the walk
of shame this time.
♪♪
I'll see you
later, okay?
Alright.
♪♪
Man: Alright, guys.
Whoa,
watch out, man!
Hey, out of the drive path.
You know the rules.
Boy.
Eh, don't sweat it,
Felix.
Thinks he's still a cop.
Yeah, what'd you do
to your hand?
Eh, it's nothing, man.
I saw you around,
uh, yesterday.
You new?
Yeah.
Just giving it a shot.
I need a quick buck,
you know?
Alright.
Let's get something.
-Alright, guys.
-Ooh!
[ Camera shutters click ]
No, it's nothing.
Been this party bullshit
for days.
Yeah, man, it looks like
it's gonna be a big deal.
Hey, shades,
off the property.
How many times I need
to say it, huh?
Look, man,
has anyone, um --
anyone ever just snuck in,
try to get a shot inside?
Not me, but this one guy, uh,
snuck in on the back
of the landscaping
truck last year.
Uh-huh.
He made it past the gate.
And? What happened?
Did they call the cops?
What happened?
[ Laughs ]
Uh, you think Brock wants,
uh, LAPD showing up?
Felix talked to him.
Never saw him again.
Oh, damn.
[ Door shuts ]
Wow.
They look great.
Yeah.
Arthur even got
the weight right.
I mean, CZ's are heavier
than diamonds.
He must've shaved
the backings.
I'm telling you, man.
He knows what he's doing.
Those new?
Mm-hmm.
So, it looks like
LA sanitation redid
all the plumbing
in Brock's neighborhood.
I guess celebrities can't go
with a backed-up toilet.
[ Buzzing ]
[ Slam ]
You gonna answer it?
I'm gonna answer it later.
Dude.
Hey, dude, be careful.
It's not even real.
Just --
Just be put it down, please.
Okay.
Just -- I got it.
You got that iron?
Uh, yeah, it's there.
You don't own an iron?
No, I don't own an iron.
Just let me do it.
Just give it to me.
What?
Burn the house down
with that thing.
♪♪
Check this out.
Found some cash in a bible.
Damn.
What?
Who knew, preacher man's
a Zeppelin fan.
Is that even allowed?
♪♪
Hey, be careful!
Jackpot.
Hey, grab the crowbar.
-What are you doing?!
-Run!
What are you doing?!
Julia!
Get in the car!
What the hell happened?
Come on.
Just drive!
Are you okay?
God damn it, Andrew!
Who was that guy?
[ Speaking indistinctly ]
We're ready for you.
We're just waiting on my uncle.
He's running a little late.
Raj has back-to-back
meetings today,
so if you want to
reschedule...?
We just need
a few more minutes.
Nice.
What? It's five minutes,
man. Relax.
This everyone?
Yeah.
Okay.
♪♪
Big day.
Nice to finally meet everyone.
Alright, if you want to open
up to page two,
you'll find
your investment allocation
as I discussed with Josh here.
Yeah, we're all invested equally
in the funds we agreed on.
So, uh...
Did you read it?
I skimmed it.
We, uh, had our in-house notary
fill out her side of things.
I have the paperwork right here.
Or at least I should.
Pen?
Didn't I ask for the notary
paperwork?
It's on the left.
Ah, okay.
Are you guys thirsty?
Get these guys some waters.
The family corporation
will be the trustee,
so any changes need
everyone's approval.
What? So we need to go
through all this shit again
any time we want
to make another change?
That's the deal.
Unless you want to pay me again.
When will the, uh,
distributions start
showing up
in our accounts?
It should take a week
for everything to process.
After that, you'll each receive
direct deposit
quarterly dividends.
How much?
It's up to you.
If your properties continue
earning at the level
they're at now,
you are golden.
♪♪
Everything go okay
at the house this morning?
Yeah, security's still
on the same shift rotation.
Saw the caterer,
florist.
And another
lighting truck.
Damn, that's the third one.
They're still gonna be doing
the film shoot there?
Yeah.
What happened to your hand?
What happened to your face?
We done?
These two, huh?
Alright, give me a sec.
You smoke?
[ Exhales sharply ]
Is Raj always
that much of a dick?
Mm-hmm.
He shouldn't treat you
like that.
Yeah.
He shouldn't.
Is everything okay?
Noah's back.
He got special leave
and decided to, uh,
surprise me
for a few days.
Thank God I made it home before
he got there this morning.
Do you think he knows?
No.
I think I need to take a step
back from whatever this is.
I knew
that you were married.
I'm gonna get someone else to
take care of
your legal shit here.
Don't call me.
♪♪
What was that?
Nothing.
It doesn't look like nothing.
She's married.
She's got a ring
around her finger.
It's just not a good idea.
I can handle it.
Well, things go wrong, her
husband could come after you.
It could be trouble
for the whole family.
He's not gonna find out.
You don't know that.
There's other women
out there.
Let's go. I gotta get
this septic truck.
Baz:
Safe's in the car.
Any problems?
Nope.
Went off easy.
Hey, Craig, Deran, it's time
to get dressed for dinner.
He's almost been under
for a minute.
Wow.
Come on.
You want pie or not?
Hey!
There's pie.
You ready to tell me what
the hell happened back there?
What?
You said we'd be clear
for two hours.
I'd never seen
that guy before.
You know, if you can't handle
this kiddy shit,
she won't let us do
real jobs.
I don't care.
You know, she was never gonna
let you stay in that
Bible study, right?
He didn't deserve it.
A lot of people get dealt crap
they don't deserve.
Doesn't make it right.
Oh, you spend two weeks hanging
with those church freaks,
and now you think
you know what's right?
[ Sighs ]
Smurf:
Come on, boys.
Come and eat.
You must be hungry.
Yeah.
Ugh.
Caught in the act.
It stinks.
[ Pipes rattle ]
Hey, sorry.
I thought I could get you
a clean one,
but my boss made me
do this site today.
Ah, you're all good.
Still good to give it back on,
uh, Saturday?
It's my next shift.
You got it.
So, how you been, man?
I saw they tore down
your mom's old place.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, it'll probably be,
you know, million dollar
condos by next week.
Good.
Place was a shithole anyway.
Thanks for this.
Hey, you know, if you're
having septic issues,
I can get you a deal.
Nah, I'm all good.
I just need it
for a couple of days.
♪♪
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
[ Clanks ]
♪♪
Yeah?
No, there's a first-aid kit
by the ramp.
What?
Yeah, no --
Okay, just -- just wrap --
wrap it in something.
I'm on my way.
God damn it.
♪♪
Who're you?
Detective Thompson.
Nice to meet you.
Well, I don't talk
to cops, so...
Sure you do, Vin.
As long as Phil doesn't find out
you rolled on him, you're good.
All that shit was supposed
to be confidential.
I know, right?
Please.
[ Sniffs ]
[ Sighs ]
What do you want?
What do you remember
about Andrew Cody?
Pope.
From what I understand,
you two were very close.
Yeah.
As close as you can get
to a guy like that.
You were the only cellmate
that lasted more
than a week with him.
So?
So, did he ever mention a woman
named Catherine Belen?
Catherine?
Yeah, he never stopped
talking about her.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he said
she was his wife.
Found out she wasn't his,
that she was his brother's.
Didn't seem to know
the difference.
Couldn't wait to get out,
get back to her.
♪♪
[ Tires screech ]
[ Turns off engine ]
Ah, shit.
Look, I-I told him
not to call you.
I'm not liable
for this shit, man.
I'm not gonna sue anyone.
Let me see it.
[ Grimaces ]
Holy shit.
What happened?
Caught it on some the coping
hanging off the end of the ramp.
I told you to
take care of that!
Look, it's fine.
I'll just --
You shouldn't be up
on the coping!
You can't even drop in yet!
[ Stammers ] I'll just take some
Advil or some shit.
Aah! [ Inhales sharply ]
Don't move.
You're moving!
That freaking hurts!
Let's go.
Wait, where?
The hospital.
Come on.
Bro, I don't have money
for the ER, man.
I'll take care of it.
[ Vehicle approaches ]
[ Engine stops ]
I don't think I'll ever
get used to this view, man.
Yeah.
What's going on, man?
What's this for?
Bonus for
the other night.
How's your hand?
It'll be fine.
We did alright.
A couple grand each.
That's nothing, man.
Payday for
a little fun.
Well, it wasn't fun,
though, was it?
It was stupid.
What, do you want to
go to jail
for ripping off
some trucker guy?
Ain't that the point?
What?
Would you still be
stealing shit
if there was no chance
of you getting caught?
The point is to keep the chances
as close to zero as possible,
man, not daring
the cops to show up.
Look, I appreciate
the gesture and all,
but whatever you're planning
next, you can count me out.
[ Birds call,
waves crashing ]
Hi. I'm, uh, looking for the
owner of the property.
A, uh, Brock Fellows?
Is he here?
And you are?
Uh, I'm Eric Barnes.
I'm with the LAFD.
Uh, is it okay if I speak
with him a sec?
Okay.
[ Sensor squealing ]
Cellphone stays outside.
It's, uh -- It's a work phone.
I kinda need it.
No phone, no entry.
Okay.
Well, try a no entry, no party.
What?
Unless you could, uh,
show me the permits
to this event right now.
[ Radio beeps ]
I'm gonna need
you at the gate, Hannah.
Hannah:
So, what's going on?
So, we received
a complaint, uh,
about some code violations
for an event at this property.
Violation?
Wait, for what?
So, some neighbors said
they saw
a couple generators
being unloaded,
and those Fresnels --
not exactly decorative.
You guys doing a film
shoot around here?
Uh, I don't see what that
has to do with you.
Well, it does if you don't
have your permits.
We've never needed
permits before.
Well, you have.
You just, uh --
Well, you were
lucky enough to not,
uh, get a visit
from someone like me.
So...
Well...
No permits, huh?
No.
[ Whistles ]
Alright.
Uh, when is this party
happening?
It's Friday.
Yeah, no, you're gonna have
to push it at least a week.
We can't.
Maybe two weeks.
I mean,
We -- We -- We --
Just until all the filing
gets done, so...
We -- We really can't.
Here's what I can do.
I can get the, uh,
process started
as soon as possible,
okay?
There's, uh --
You got no service here?
Well, it's a jammer.
There's high traffic
with all the prep,
and Brock's
a very private person.
Right. Okay.
Look, we can't cancel.
Please.
Ah.
Okay, let me see
what I can do.
Uh, I still have to cite you for
the, uh, permit violation, okay?
Mm-hmm.
I can't change that.
But maybe --
let me check my schedule,
a-and if I can be here
the day of,
I can make sure everything
proceeds safely.
Okay, how's that?
You mean during the party?
Yes.
I will have to be here.
It's the only way this
is gonna happen, so...
Okay, fine.
But do you --
do you have to wear that?
Hey.
We're gonna go to
Old Man's.
Build a bonfire.
Take tequila shots.
Eh, Andrew's not interested
in our sinful ways.
We're living with
Pope Andrew now.
[ Clatters ]
Come on.
It'd be good to get out of here.
[ Safe box clanging ]
Baz: That's it?
Bring it here, baby.
Come on.
♪♪
It's leather.
1886.
That's nice.
Well, you're the religious
one now.
What do you think
we can get for it?
♪♪
I think he needs stitches.
Okay.
What's your name?
Uh, Taylor.
And ID, please.
No.
I don't have one.
Okay.
Are you insured?
I'll pay for it.
Fill out what you can here,
and we'll take you back
as soon as we can.
Okay.
Shit.
Hey, let's go, let's go.
Ah. What? Why?
Just come on.
What about my arm?
There's other hospitals.
-Andrew?
-What?
Andrew? Hey.
♪♪
Hi, Amy.
[ Telephone rings distantly ]
I'm gonna finish this.
Who's that?
He's just a kid
from my skate park.
Your skate park?
Yeah, I felt like building
something, s-so I did,
and then these kids
just all started showing up.
It's just a few ramps.
I mean, it's --
it's not a big deal.
That's great.
Are you sick?
Oh.
Uh, no.
Uh, another waitress I worked
with sliced her hand,
and I was the only one driving
who had a car, so...
Taylor,
we can see you now.
Wow.
And she'll take your payment
details when you're ready.
C-Cash.
Hey.
That's a good thing
you're doing, with that kid.
[ Scoffs ]
I don't know about that.
Got a pretty big hole
in his arm.
Amy, we can go.
Okay.
Um, it was good to see you,
Andrew.
Yeah, you, too.
♪♪
What's up?
Uh, just here to grab
my Thunderbolt.
Oh, yeah?
Well, it's not here.
It's at my house.
Why?
You been using it?
No.
Just been sitting there for the
past six months collecting dust.
Thought you forgot about it.
Yep.
Well, I didn't.
You gonna tell me what
really happened to your hand?
Why do you give a shit?
Well, because we're heading
into a job,
and you've been acting
all shady and shit.
I just...
I want to know
what's going on.
So, what? Now, you wanna be
my babysitter and shit?
No.
I-I-I'm flying blind
into this house,
and I need to know that you have
my back outside. That's all.
What are you
talking about, man?
Look, even if I get into
this house with the phone,
they can jam
the signal, okay?
The timing has got to be
just right.
Great.
You know, they've already got
a shit-ton of paparazzi
and a tour bus that goes
by there every 10 minutes.
So?
So, you get made, we're all
already in about 100 pictures
that the paparazzi
have taken of us outside.
That's what you're
worried about.
Alright.
Yeah.
♪♪
Hey.
What?
You screening my calls now?
Sorry. I should've
gotten back to you.
Well, I just figured
I'd make sure you were alive
before I went back to LA.
Yeah, well,
we've been swamped.
Well, I upgraded
to a corner suite, so...
At least
you could have called.
I'm sorry.
Are you?
We've just been real busy.
Mm.
Is that it?
Is it a job?
Um, no.
I, um --
I've been seeing someone,
and I guess I should have
told you that, right?
But I didn't mean for it to turn
into anything, but it has.
Hmm.
So, it's real, huh?
Does she even know
what you do?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
What version of you
is she getting?
What,
the clean-cut college boy?
Or maybe just a-a hint of the
underprivileged kid sob story?
I don't --
I don't know which one.
You don't know me.
Yeah.
That much is clear.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
♪ I got a feeling ♪
Yo, we don't open up
for another half hour.
Oh, we're not here to drink.
We just bought the place
down the street.
It used to be, uh,
Sun of a Beach.
Parker was desperate
to unload it.
He told us about the supply
issues, broken windows,
said somebody pissed
in his tequila bottles?
Yeah, it's hard to open up a
business down here in Oceanside.
We want to work out a deal.
To get off
on the right foot.
We cut you in, we don't have
to worry about any...
incidents.
Three percent.
It won't be much at first,
but the first place
we opened back in the OC,
we pulled in a few hundred grand
in our second year.
Wow.
Okay. Well, take a few days
to think it over.
You know where
to find us.
Okay.
[ Door opens ]
♪♪
Andrew?
Somebody broke into
the rectory.
Was it you?
[ Grunts ]
Gah! Andrew!
[ Panting ]
Jesus forgives you.
No!
Andrew.
Jesus forgives you.
[ Grunts ]
[ Panting ]
Jesus forgives you.
Jesus forgives you!
Andrew!
♪♪
Yo.
Hey.
Can I get a beer?
Yeah.
How'd it go with
the assistant?
It went well.
I'm in.
I got something I gotta talk
to you about.
What's up?
There's some new owners
that took over and bought,
uh, Sun of a Beach.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Okay?
They, uh, came by here,
trying to cut me in
as long as we don't
give them any shit.
They want to pay us
to leave them alone?
Something like that,
yeah.
Well,
how much did they offer?
Three percent.
We should be able
to get that up.
[ Sighs ]
You sure you really want
to keep dealing with all this
LA bar bullshit?
Doesn't matter.
It's all bullshit.
The point is they came
to us first.
That's what we want.
Yeah, and what if this shit
kills my business?
What's your margin right now?
4%? 5%?
Something like that,
yeah.
Get your cut up to 5,
and you're covered.
[ Scoffs ]
Alright.
I'll set up
a meeting with them.
♪♪
[ Coughs ]
Thought you were
going home.
Yeah, I-I'm sorry.
My mom -- she ditched the
hotel room a couple days ago,
and she's probably somewhere
with her asshole boyfriend.
Yeah? How long have you been
sleeping here?
Just a few days.
If the meth heads think
they can sleep here,
they're gonna turn
this place into a camp.
Alright. I'll just --
I'll move. Sorry.
Yeah?
Where are you gonna go?
I don't know.
I'll just find a place
on the beach.
♪♪
Come with me.
[ Rock 'n' roll music plays ]
♪♪
♪ Fire in my lungs,
I'm spun ♪
♪ Walking on wire ♪
Hey, brother.
What's up?
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, man.
Any time.
Thought I'd give you a chance
to ride it out of here yourself.
What?
I knew if I didn't build
you one, you'd take mine.
No way.
Yo, and this is for me?
Yeah, man.
A little something.
Paint, chrome.
Tuned it up for you.
Yo, man, if this is
a-a bonus or something,
I already told you,
I can't --
No.
Well, I mean,
I guess it is a bonus
for giving me the kick
in the ass I needed.
I been running shit
like when I was using.
Got used to the chaos.
Yeah, man, it's 'cause the chaos
is addictive as shit.
I can't go back
to jail again, man.
Look,
let me tell you a secret.
You don't want to go to jail?
Then just quit doing
the dumb shit, man.
It's easy as that.
Alright.
Yeah?
Yeah. I hear ya.
Hey, let's get
this bitch down, man.
You try it out.
Hell yeah, man.
Yeah.
[ Turns off engine ]
Woman: [ On television ]
Imagine soaking yourself
in one of our four seats on--
[ Thunk ]
...while staring out
into the turquoise blue waters.
At the Bad Luck's
Resort and Spa,
you'll discover relaxing --
[ Clatter ]
[ Woman continues
on television ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Whispering ]
I told you not to come.
I wanted to see you.
You can't be here.
Do you want me to leave?
♪♪
Pump's broken, but
you can blow it up with this.
Alright.
♪♪
Don't go in the house.
Do you want me to make you
a sandwich?
Yeah, that'd be cool.
♪♪
Hey, thanks.
For everything.
Just stay in here.
♪♪
What happened,
baby?
[ Panting ]
♪♪
What did you do?
I went to the church.
[ Breathes shakily ]
Let me see.
Mm.
He's probably already
called the cops.
He won't.
You sure
about that?
Yeah.
♪♪
Okay.
[ Turns on water ]
♪♪
Come on.
It wasn't even
a good score.
It was good enough.
♪♪
They're not
what you say they are.
Look how awful
they made you feel.
♪♪
Never feel bad
about who you are.
Not with me.
♪♪